README for Springies:

TEAM: Jay Wang, James Wei 
TA: Alex Bruce 

The final code is on the Master Branch. 

Notes to Alex: 

I'll keep this short because the bulk of our reflection will be in our Project Analysis.

Even though our code initially was not structured in a way conducive to implementing a Force hierarchy, we took your advice and implemented the Force hierarchy. While this increased the number of classes by four, it greatly simplified and cleaned our code. Our Mass.java went from over 500 lines of code into ~ 130. Ultimately, we have implemented the code to be neater and more modular.  


Names of all people who worked on the project: 
	Jay Wang, James Wei


Date you started, date you finished, and an estimate of the number of hours worked on the project:
	We started working from Feb 4th all the way till the due date of Feb 16th. Time breakdown would be: 40% implementing new features, 20% designing, 10% refactoring, 10% debugging, 10% testing, 10% documenting/reading. Unlike most other Computer Science projects I have worked on (especially Operating Systems), there wasn’t too much debugging to do, which is largely due to the fact that the code was not incredibly complicated. Estimated number of hours worked on project: 50. 	

For team projects, the link to your project repository:
	https://github.com/jwang93/springies

For team projects, each person's role in developing the project:
	Both of us worked on both the implementation and design of springies. Jay worked a little bit more on the implementation side, while Jimmy did a little bit more of the design side. Jay spent a lot of time Mass and the forces. Jimmy focused on Environment and designing the Forces hierarchy. 

Any books, papers, online, or human resources that you used in developing the project:
	oodesign.com and TA Alex Bruce. 

Files used to start the project (i.e., the class containing main) and test the project (the class containing TestSuite):
	all included in the src code, under the data directory 

Your impressions of the assignment to help improve it in the future:
	Thought springies was a great project in learning inheritance and general good software design principles. Definitely walked out of the project understanding the value of inheritance. One complaint was that the inheritance was a little too obvious. It was so clear that Gravity, Viscosity, etc should extend the Force class. In the real world though, it seems that inheritance hierarchies are not as obvious. 